Documentation improvements (#15)
xmartlabs/android-snapshot-publisher: README.md

  </a>
</p>

> Android Snapshot Publisher is a Gradle plugin to **prepare and distribute Android Snapshot versions** to multiple distribution sources in a common way and with a low-effort setup.

Reviewer: what about 

```suggestion
Android Snapshot Publisher is a Gradle plugin to **prepare and distribute Android Snapshot versions** to multiple distribution sources in a common way and with an effortless setup.
```
